SUMMARY
Source Code written by geopbyte Resident is covered under the following license.

Can be used for creating unlimited applications
Can be distributed in binary or object form only
Commercial use allowed
Can modify source-code but cannot distribute modifications (derivative works)
Support provided as follows :
    Support is limited to the available time that I have. 
    I will help you with basic questions you have about the software but I can not teach you how to script or write the code for you.
    Support requests should be filed in the form of a notecard detailing the date and time of your request as well as the request itself.
Attribution to software creator must be made as specified:
    Original Source is copyrighted to geopbyte Resident. 
    You must maintain commented in your scripts that I geopbyte Resident was the original works author.
Software trademarks are included in the license
Software patents are included in the license
Software trade secrets are included in the license
Additional terms:
    You are not allowed to give, show, or sell these scripts with modify permissions to anyone other than geopbyte Resident.  
    You are not to use this system to cause harm to any person or sim.  
    You are not allowed to take this software to any other grid without written consent from geopbyte Resident.


TERMS AND CONDITIONS

Preamble: 
This Agreement governs the relationship between you the customer, a private person, (hereinafter: Licensee) and geopbyte Resident,
a private person whose principal place of business is in Indiana, United States (Hereinafter: Licensor). This Agreement sets the terms, 
rights, restrictions and obligations on using [source code written by geopbyte Resident] (hereinafter: The Software) created and 
owned by Licensor, as detailed herein

License Grant: 
Licensor hereby grants Licensee a Sublicensable, Non-assignable & non-transferable, Commercial, Royalty free, Including the rights 
to create but not distribute derivative works, Non-exclusive license, all with accordance with the terms set forth and other legal 
restrictions set forth in 3rd party software used while running Software.

Limited: 
Licensee may use Software for the purpose of:
    Running Software on Licensee’s Website[s] and Server[s];
    Allowing 3rd Parties to run Software on Licensee’s Website[s] and Server[s];
    Publishing Software’s output to Licensee and 3rd Parties;
    Distribute verbatim copies of Software’s output (including compiled binaries);
    Modify Software to suit Licensee’s needs and specifications.
    
Binary Restricted: 
Licensee may sublicense Software as a part of a larger work containing more than Software, distributed solely in Object or Binary form 
under a personal, non-sublicensable, limited license. Such redistribution shall be limited to {apps} codebases.

Non Assignable & Non-Transferable: 
Licensee may not assign or transfer his rights and duties under this license.

Commercial, Royalty Free: 
Licensee may use Software for any purpose, including paid-services, without any royalties

Including the Right to Create Derivative Works: 
Licensee may create derivative works based on Software, including amending Software’s source code, modifying it, integrating it into a larger work 
or removing portions of Software, as long as no distribution of the derivative works is made

With Attribution Requirements?: 
Original Source is copyrighted to geopbyte Resident. You must maintain commented in your scripts that I geopbyte Resident was the original works author.

With support & maintenance: 
Licensor shall provide Licensee support and maintenance as follows -
    Support is limited to the available time that I have. 
    I will help you with basic questions you have about the software but I can not teach you how to script or write the code for you.
    Support requests should be filed in the form of a notecard detailing the date and time of your request as well as the request itself.
    
Licensor shall retain full title in Trademarks, and any trademarks and tradenames contained, including Software's names, logos, and all other 
intellectual property. Unless specifically stated in this license, no license shall be made to use, associate or affiliate Software with Licensee 
in any manner. Licensee may not use Software’s name, tradename, trademarks or logo when distributing derivative works of software to 3rd parties.
If Software is covered by Patents, Licensor grants Licensee a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free patent license under Licensor's essential patent claims, 
to make, use, sell, offer for sale, import and otherwise run, modify and propagate the contents of Software.

Licensee hereby acknowledges that Software contains Licensor’s trade secrets and other proprietary information that has not been disclosed to the public domain. 
Licensee shall not disclose, reveal, make available or convey to any 3rd party portions of Software, including Software’s know-how, means of operations, algorithms, 
and any other proprietary information (hereinafter: Confidential Information). Licensee’s obligations shall remain in effect as long as Confidential Information does 
not (i) enter into the public domain by any voluntary act made by Licensor; or (ii) Licensee is ordered by a definite court order, or any other legal authority, to 
disclose Confidential Information; or (iii) Confidential Information was independently developed by a 3rd Party who was not exposed to the Software. Licensee shall 
require any 3rd party who sublicenses Software to sign a non-disclosure agreement no less restrictive than this license.

Term & Termination: 
The Term of this license shall be until terminated. Licensor may terminate this Agreement, including Licensee’s license in the case where 
Licensee :
    became insolvent or otherwise entered into any liquidation process; or
    exported The Software to any jurisdiction where licensor may not enforce his rights under this agreements in; or
    Licensee was in breach of any of this license's terms and conditions and such breach was not cured, immediately upon notification; or
    Licensee in breach of any of the terms of clause 2 to this license; or
    Licensee otherwise entered into any arrangement which caused Licensor to be unable to enforce his rights under this License.

Payment: 
In consideration of the License granted under clause 2, Licensee shall pay Licensor a {fee}, via PayPal or any other mean which Licensor may deem adequate, Failure 
to perform payment shall construe as material breach of this Agreement.

Upgrades, Updates and Fixes: 
Licensor may provide Licensee, from time to time, with Upgrades, Updates or Fixes, as detailed herein and according to his sole discretion. Licensee hereby warrants 
to keep The Software up-to-date and install all relevant updates and fixes, and may, at his sole discretion, purchase upgrades, according to the rates set by Licensor. 
Licensor shall provide any update or Fix free of charge; however, nothing in this Agreement shall require Licensor to provide Updates or Fixes.

Upgrades: 
for the purpose of this license, an Upgrade shall be a material amendment in The Software, which contains new features and or major performance improvements and shall 
be marked as a new version number. For example, should Licensee purchase The Software under version 1.X.X, an upgrade shall commence under number 2.0.0.

Updates: for the purpose of this license, an update shall be a minor amendment in The Software, which may contain new features or minor improvements and shall be marked 
as a new sub-version number. For example, should Licensee purchase The Software under version 1.1.X, an upgrade shall commence under number 1.2.0.

Fix: 
for the purpose of this license, a fix shall be a minor amendment in The Software, intended to remove bugs or alter minor features which impair the The Software's 
functionality. A fix shall be marked as a new sub-sub-version number. For example, should Licensee purchase Software under version 1.1.1, a fix shall commence under 
number 1.1.2.

Support: 
Software is provided with limited support, as detailed in the Software’s SLA detailed under the License Grant. Licensor shall provide support via Second Life and / or 
electronic mail and on regular business days and hours.

Bug Notification: 
Licensee may provide Licensor of details regarding any bug, defect or failure in The Software promptly and with no delay from such event; 
Licensee shall comply with Licensor's request for information regarding bugs, defects or failures and furnish him with information, screenshots and try to reproduce 
such bugs, defects or failures.

Feature Request: 
Licensee may request additional features in Software, provided, however, that (i) Licensee shall waive any claim or right in such feature should feature be developed by 
Licensor; (ii) Licensee shall be prohibited from developing the feature, or disclose such feature request, or feature, to any 3rd party directly competing with Licensor 
or any 3rd party which may be, following the development of such feature, in direct competition with Licensor; (iii) Licensee warrants that feature does not infringe any 
3rd party patent, trademark, trade-secret or any other intellectual property right; and (iv) Licensee developed, envisioned or created the feature solely by himself.

Liability:
To the extent permitted under Law, The Software is provided under an AS-IS basis. Licensor shall never, and without any limit, be liable for any damage, cost, expense or 
any other payment incurred by Licensee as a result of Software’s actions, failure, bugs and/or any other interaction between The Software  and Licensee’s end-equipment, 
computers, other software or any 3rd party, end-equipment, computer or services.  Moreover, Licensor shall never be liable for any defect in source code written by 
Licensee when relying on The Software or using The Software’s source code.

Warranty:  

Intellectual Property: 
Licensor hereby warrants that The Software does not violate or infringe any 3rd party claims in regards to intellectual property, patents and/or trademarks and that to 
the best of its knowledge no legal action has been taken against it for any infringement or violation of any 3rd party intellectual property rights.

No-Warranty: 
The Software is provided without any warranty; Licensor hereby disclaims any warranty that The Software shall be error free, without defects or code which may cause damage 
to Licensee’s computers or to Licensee, and that Software shall be functional. Licensee shall be solely liable to any damage, defect or loss incurred as a result of 
operating software and undertake the risks contained in running The Software on License’s Server[s] and Website[s].

No Refunds: 
Accordingly, as The Software is intangible goods, Licensee shall not be, ever, entitled to any refund, rebate, compensation or restitution for any reason whatsoever, 
even if The Software contains material flaws.

Indemnification: 
Licensee hereby warrants to hold Licensor harmless and indemnify Licensor for any lawsuit brought against it in regards to Licensee’s use of The Software in means that 
violate, breach or otherwise circumvent this license, Licensor's intellectual property rights or Licensor's title in The Software. Licensor shall promptly notify Licensee 
in case of such legal action and request Licensee’s consent prior to any settlement in relation to such lawsuit or claim.

Governing Law, Jurisdiction: 
Licensee hereby agrees not to initiate class-action lawsuits against Licensor in relation to this license and to compensate Licensor for any legal fees, cost or attorney 
fees should any claim brought by Licensee against Licensor be denied, in part or in full. text here... 


Binary Files:
If the source code is not modifiable, is precompiled, and distributed to you in a Binary form, The licensee here by agrees that any attempt to negate any protection methods
will result in termination of this agreement and any actions neccesary for recooperation of loss of income shall be paid by the licensee. Licensor here by states that any
action to violate this contract shall grant licensor the exclusive right to post the Licensee's name and any other information to the public as well as any governing entity
including Linden Lab employees.


OPEN SOURCE PROJECTS

The following agreement shall be a continuance of the above agreement for any and all Open Source Projects.

The source code to the project is to remain open source for everyone.
The source code must maintain my name (geopbyte Resident) in comments at the top of the code.
You are not allowed to sell this code to anyone.
You are not allowed claim this source as your own.

