Welcome to Serenity v1.0

Serenity has been complete rewritten from the ground up.

Addressing multiple bug reports this version of Serenity is more stable than any previous release.


There are 5 different parts to the new Serenity System.

The Generator
    this script is yours to keep. NEVER give this to anyone.
This script is what you will use to create your original starter pets.


The Food
    this script is what you will use to feed your pets. this is the script that makes the majority of your income.

The Updater
    this script is what you will use to update pets to newer versions of your edits.

The Potion
    this script is a multiscript that will allow you to trigger different effects on your pets.

The Pet
    This is actually 3 scripts.
    
    The "main" script.
        this script controls 99% of the functionality of the pet
    The "menu" script.
        this script controls the dialog menu system
    The "scale" script.
        this script controls the scaling of the prims
        

This system does require you to use at least 2 prims linked together. This is because of the data storage system that is used relies on the prim link number 2 to store data.

This system is best used if you have your prims facing east at zero rotation. to check this create a new box. right click edit that box. look for the red edit arrow. the direction of that arrow is east. and the box is set to zero rotation already.


set up of the system.

Create your pet.
Place menu,scale,and main inside your primset.
take your pet.

Create your generator.
Place your pet and the generator script inside.

Create your Food Item.
Place the food script inside.

Create your updater.
Place the updater script inside.
Place a copy of your pet inside.
Place menu,main,and scale inside.

Create your potions.
Place the potion script inside.

Touch the generator and generate a male and a female.
Take the male and female to inventory.

Create a box.
Place a copy of the male and the female you generated inside the box.
Sell the box.